Fix worker autoscaling info on parallelism (#1953)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-worker-queues.md

`[Number of workers]= ([Queued tasks]+[Running tasks])/(Maximum tasks per worker)`

> A Deployment's [parallelism](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#parallelism) is the maximum number of tasks which can run concurrently across worker queues. To ensure that you can always run as many tasks as your worker queues allow, parallelism is calculated with the following expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment [parallelism](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#parallelism) is the maximum number of tasks that can run concurrently across worker queues. To ensure that you can always run as many tasks as your worker queues allow, parallelism is calculated with the following expression:
```

`[Parallelism]= ([The sum of all 'Max Worker Count' values for all worker queues] * [The sum of all 'Maximum tasks per worker' values for all worker queues])`.

> These calculations are computed by KEDA every ten seconds. When KEDA determines that it can scale down a worker, it waits for five minutes after the last running task on the worker finishes before terminating that worker Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KEDA computes these calculations every ten seconds. When KEDA determines that it can scale down a worker, it waits for five minutes after the last running task on the worker finishes before terminating the worker.
```

`[Number of workers]= ([Queued tasks]+[Running tasks])/(Maximum tasks per worker)`

A Deployment's [parallelism](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#parallelism) is the maximum number of tasks which can run concurrently across worker queues. To ensure that you can always run as many tasks as your worker queues allow, parallelism is calculated with the following expression:

`[Parallelism]= ([The sum of all 'Max Worker Count' values for all worker queues] * [The sum of all 'Maximum tasks per worker' values for all worker queues])`.

> These calculations are computed by KEDA every ten seconds. When KEDA determines that it can scale down, it waits for five minutes after the last running task on the worker finishes before terminating that worker Pod.

Author: ```suggestion
These calculations are computed by KEDA every ten seconds. When KEDA determines that it can scale down a worker, it waits for five minutes after the last running task on the worker finishes before terminating that worker Pod.
```
